.TH DUDLD.CONF 5 "14 Januar 2006" "Dudl Jukebox Daemon" "Version 0.1.9"
.SH NAME
dudl.conf \- config for the dudld mp3 jukebox daemon

.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page describes the syntax of the dudld configuration file.

The file is read using the glib keyfile parser. This means it is roughly
ini-like. Comments start with #.

[dudld]

<key>=<value>

.SH KEYS
.TP
\fBport\fR
TCP port to listen on.
.TP
\fBpidfile\fR
where to store PID after startup.
.TP
\fBpath_tracks\fR
root directory with music files. This directory has to be structured like
this:

<collection>/<collection><4-digit-num>/[<dir(s)>/]<files>

.TP
\fBgap\fR
initial gap between tracks in seconds.
.TP
\fBrandom\fR
initial state of random playback: 0=off, 1=on
.TP
\fBstart\fR
try to start playing on startup: 0=off, 1=on
.TP
\fBsfilter\fR
name of \fIsfilter\fR to load on startup and save on exit.
.TP
\fBfailtag\fR
name of \fItag\fR to add to files that had problems being played.
.TP
\fBrgtype\fR
default replaygain type to use: 0=off, 1=track, 2=track_peak, 3=album,
4=album_peak
.TP
\fBrgpreamp\fR
replaygain preamplification. 
.TP
\fBpipeline\fR
gstreamer pipeline specification to use as output. See 
.BR gst-launch 
for details. The full pipeline is going to look like 

 filesrc ! decodebin ! $pipeline


.TP
\fBdb_host\fR
database hostname. Empty for UNIX socket.
.TP
\fBdb_port\fR
database port. Empty for UNIX socket.
.TP
\fBdb_name\fR
database name.
.TP
\fBdb_user\fR
database user.
.TP
\fBdb_pass\fR
database password.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR dudld (1)
.SH AUTHORS
Rainer Clasen.
